Readme.md, before:

# Password Locker
#### By Jessica Mwangi
## Description

This is a project  which  manages and stores the login and signup credentials of a user for each account. it stores the passwords for the user if they don't want to generate a new one.

## User Stories
As a User you are able to :

- Create an account for an application or login to the account for an application 

- Store my existing account details for the various accounts you have.

- Generate a new password for an account that you haven't registered for and store it with the account name

-Dekete stored accounts that you have no need for.

- Copy your credentials to the clipboard.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
To Be able to view this, you need:

-To have access to github.

-To have access to terminal.

-To have downloaded python , pyperclip and pip.

-To have to have either Vs code or atom

-Do git clone https://github.com/Jessicamwangi/Password-locker.git to be able to clone this file to your computer and view it.
## Technologies Used
Technologies used in this webpage are 
HTML.

CSS.

Bootstrap.

Fontawsome.

JavaScript.

TypeScript.

Bootstrap.js.
### License
Copyright (c) [2021] [Jessica Mwangi.]
[MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

added a run the application section

Readme.md, after:

# Password Locker
#### By Jessica Mwangi
## Description

This is a project  which  manages and stores the login and signup credentials of a user for each account. it stores the passwords for the user if they don't want to generate a new one.

## User Stories
As a User you are able to :

- Create an account for an application or login to the account for an application 

- Store my existing account details for the various accounts you have.

- Generate a new password for an account that you haven't registered for and store it with the account name

-Dekete stored accounts that you have no need for.

- Copy your credentials to the clipboard.
## Setup/Installation Requirements
To Be able to view this, you need:

-To have access to github.

-To have access to terminal.

-To have downloaded python , pyperclip and pip.

-To have downloaded pyhton extensions(this help to make your work easier)

-To have to have either Vs code or atom

-Do git clone https://github.com/Jessicamwangi/Password-locker.git to be able to clone this file to your computer and view it.

### Run The Application
 
 To run this application do the following:

 - Clone the file and open it in terminal.

 -open the user interface file and on your top left you should see a run button(this is there if you have installed the python extensions). Click it and you are good to go

 - do the following command to run the tests:
   
   -python3 password_test.py

## Technologies Used
Technologies used in this webpage are 
HTML.

CSS.

Bootstrap.

Fontawsome.

JavaScript.

TypeScript.

Bootstrap.js.
### License
Copyright (c) [2021] [Jessica Mwangi.]
[MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
